chapter two is where we're gonna be.
I'm excited to bring the Christmas message once again and with last week Austin bringing a season of peace.
Today we're gonna be looking at the topic of joy and what does actual joy look like from the pages of God's Word.
So in Luke chapter two, if you can go to verse eight, we're gonna start there and read a little bit of the Christmas story.
And then we'll dive in.
I wanna read this real quick, verse eight.
Now, there were in the same country shepherds living out in the fields, keeping watch over their flock by night.
And behold, an angel of the Lord stood before them, and the glory of the Lord shone around them, and they were greatly afraid.
And then the angel said to them, do not be afraid, for behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which will be to all people.
For there was born to you this day in the city of David, a Savior who was Christ the Lord.
Let's pause there.
and then we'll dive into our study.
Father God, we thank you for this morning.
We thank you for everyone here.
Lord, as we enter into this Christmas season of 2020 with all the difficulties and issues that we've had this year, Lord, we are reminded that you are a God of hope and that you bring us joy, you bring us peace, and we take comfort in that.
So open our minds and our hearts to what you have for us this morning as we just meditate on your word.
And the Christmas story never gets old.
And we just take comfort in it and help us to understand what true joy is all about.
And so we love you.
We thank you for this time now.
We've had together.
And we give this to you right now.
In Jesus' name, everyone said, amen.
Amen.
A little elf.
That's perfect.
Speaking of that book, yeah, that reminds me of the book that Dad just talked about in the atrium.
One of my favorite Christmas movies is Jingle All the Way with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
My wife hates it.
I love it.
I grew up with it.
And it reminds me of like Turbo Man.
So everyone's out to get, if you haven't seen it, then this makes no sense to you.
You need to watch Jingle All the Way with Arnold Schwarzenegger, Phil Hartman, classic movie.
It's Turbo Time.
And everyone can run out and get a little book.
Anyway, that has nothing to do with my sermon.
Let's just dive right in.
A lot of you are just looking at me like I have a third nostril.
It's like really weird.
I don't know if you know this, but angels were the first to bring the gospel message to mankind.
Now, we are given now that opportunity, that privilege to share the gospel now with everyone else, but the first mentioning of the good news was brought by angels.
And it's right here in Luke chapter 2, we just read it in verse 8 through 11.
The angel says in verse 10, if you look at it with me again,
Do not be afraid for behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy."
Other translations say, instead of good tidings, good news of great joy.
And it's the Greek verb, eungalizo, which actually we get our word evangelize from.
And it's from the same root as the word for good news, where we get our word gospel.
So angels are bringing the gospel message that a savior has been born, and he will bring great joy to all people.
And that's the good news still for today, that Christ came to this earth as a baby lived a life that we live and died for our sins so that we can now have the hope of eternal life in heaven.
That's good news.
And that good news should bring great joy for the believer, the believer in Jesus Christ.
Now it's true, no one's kidding around that not everyone is happy
or joyful around this time of year for many reasons.
And 2020 has now given us a list of like other things to be frustrated with.
People are either sad, depressed, anxious, stressed, bitter, angry, the list goes on.
Usually around this time of year, people can start developing these things.
But I'm here to tell you
from God's word, from his own breath, that the believer can still have joy even in sadness and in darkness.
Joy can be attained still.
Now it's different for the non-believer, and we're gonna explain why, but the believer in Jesus can still have this joy even in the midst of sadness or your darkest hour.
Joy, it's something that is so underrated in our culture
today because people are looking for joy in all the wrong places and they can't seem to find it.
So what exactly is true joy?
We're going to take a little kind of lesson here.
We're going to turn through a lot of scripture passages.
But what exactly is true joy?
What does the Bible explain and tell us true joy?
Because I'll tell you something that it's not, it's not happiness, right?
It is not happiness.
Joy and happiness are two different things.
Superficial happiness is dependent on circumstances.
Joy in the Lord is clearly different.
Again, superficial happiness is dependent on circumstances.
We can actually be happy one day and sad the next, right?
And why is that?
Because happiness is focused on circumstances around us.
Happiness is temporal.
Joy is eternal.
joys eternal, and you can only find it in the pages of God's Word.
It's funny.
Usually the things that bring us happiness are the very same things that bring us sadness.
It's true.
Here's two examples from my personal life.
Number one, Chick-fil-A.
A pastor also mentioned Chick-fil-A.
We're always going to be talking about Chick-fil-A.
You've got to get used to it.
I think we idolize Chick-fil-A a little too much in America.
Just saying.
I love it.
I'll give you my order spicy chicken with peppermint milkshake in season.
I've been emailing them and faxing them every time.
Leave the faxing.
That was a joke.
Anyway.
None of you laughed.
Leave the peppermint milkshake all year round.
Please.
They will not do it.
Okay.
But Chick-fil-A makes me happy.
Nonetheless, except when Sunday comes around.
And then we're bent out of shape.
We're mad at Chick-fil-A.
Oh, she kicked the lay.
Seriously?
Gosh, I guess I gotta wait till Monday.
But then I'm reminded from the Lord that there's always Popeyes.
I actually might like the Popeyes sandwich a little bit better.
Just saying.
You can boo, it's I don't care.
Just saying with Chipotle, Chipotle way better than Mose.
Don't even talk to me about Mose.
So I'm getting a little excited.
The Washington football team.
Yeah?
I'm happy when they win.
Yes.
We have a fan.
And I still want to call them the Redskins.
It's really hard to say Washington football team.
But when they win and they will win against Seattle today, they're going to take ownership of the NFC East.
We're going to get it done, all right?
Thank you for the three fans in the house.
I bet all of you are Dallas and Pittsburgh fans, right?
When Washington loses, though, I'm really sad.
And I've been sad for about 20 years.
It's depressing, except you got the caps, you got the nats.
At least I saw someone win a trophy.
But you see, these things, Chick-fil-A, Washington football team, other things, they don't bring me joy.
Okay, it's happiness for momentarily.
But the only thing that is gonna bring me joy and satisfaction in this life on earth is coffee.
Sorry, Jesus.
That was a joke.
I don't know if you've seen that slogan now, they've made it down to like a wall decor where it says, first Jesus, then coffee.
Look, what millennial wrote that, seriously?
But it's actually true because we can't have our devotions without coffee, am I right?
No, that's nothing to applaud about, that's sad.
That's a first world problem.
We can't have our devotions without coffee.
We read passages of Scripture differently, don't we?
With coffee.
Without coffee, we're like, the Lord is a lamp unto my feet, a light unto my path.
This is boring.
But with coffee, the word is a lamp unto my feet, a light unto my path.
And then let's post it.
Okay.
Well, I'm here to tell you, when you post something like that, you just lost reward, because Jesus says to have it in secret.
Just saying.
There you go.
That has nothing to do with what I'm talking about though.
My point is joy and happiness are two different things.
Two different things.
And we're gonna look at three things, three things from God's word of what true joy exactly is.
And number one on the screen, true joy is rooted in a person's relationship with Jesus Christ.
First and foremost, you can't have joy without being in a relationship with the Savior, Jesus Christ.
If everyone can turn to John's gospel, chapter 15,
John 15, I'm not gonna put on the screen because I want us all to read it together.
In John 15, if you know this passage, it's the famous passage of the vine and the branches.
Jesus is the vine and we are the branches.
And he's giving this passage literally before the cross.
He would go and be crucified.
And I love this passage because he says, I wanna start in verse four, some translations say abide, some say remain, it's the same concept.
In verse four of John 15,
Jesus says abide in me and I in you.
As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself unless it abides in the vine, neither can you unless you abide in me.
I am the vine, you are the branches.
He who abides in me and I in him bears much fruit, for without me you can do nothing.
Jump to verse seven.
If you abide in me and my words abide in you, you will ask what you desire and it shall be done for you.
By this, my father is glorified that you bear much fruit, so you will be my disciples.
Verse nine, as the father loved me, I also have loved you, abide in my love.
If you keep my commandments, you will abide in my love just as I have kept my father's commandments and abide in his love.
These things I have spoken to you that my joy may remain in you and that your joy may be full.
He actually
talks about joy in this passage.
And I love it because Jesus is talking, he's using the illustration of a vine and branches and that connectivity.
And he says that I have this connection with the Father.
I'm abiding in the Father.
I've remained in the Father and you are now to remain or abide in me because apart from me, you can't do anything.
And when you abide in Jesus, when you remain in Him, Christ's joy flows into us
because of our relationship with him and his relationship to the Father.
And his joy, notice that.
Verse 11, these things I've spoken to you that my joy, where does Jesus get his joy from the Father?
A relationship.
My joy now can be your joy so your joy may be full or complete or whole.
And that's solely on a relationship with Jesus Christ.
Why would Jesus tell us you need to remain in me, abide in me,
stay with me, connect with me, because if you don't, it's not gonna look well for you in the end.
You have no relationship, you'll have no hope, there's no joy in there.
He tells us that because we naturally wanna do our own thing, we wanna do things differently.
But Jesus says, just as I obey my Father, is you notice that Jesus actually obeys the Father's commandments, so you must obey my words.
There's a relationship that Jesus wants with us.
and his joy can remain in us and make us whole, make us complete.
Paul also would say this, it's on the screen, and I like what the NLT actually says about this verse, Ephesians 3 verse 17.
And Paul would say, then Christ will make his home in your hearts as you trust him, your roots will grow down deep into God's love and keep you strong.
So Paul even used this illustration of your roots.
Your roots are to be established in Jesus.
And if you have a relationship with him, you're going to grow deeper in that relationship.
He would also say similar passage and Colossians chapter two, verses six through seven.
And now just as you accepted Christ Jesus as your Lord, you must continue to follow him.
That's what a Christian is all about.
Let your roots grow down into him and let your lives be built on him.
So being a Christian is not about praying that one prayer and then you're good.
It's about following now after the Lord, committing your life to him and let your roots now grow deep into him so that you're firmly established and your lives are built on the rock.
So we have to understand the true meaning of joy.
What does joy look like?
How do we have this joy?
It's rooted.
in a relationship with Christ.
We cannot have this joy that the Bible describes without a relationship with Him.
You can't, and people are searching everywhere for it, and it's solely found right here.
That's why joint happiness are two different things.
Number two, joy is also resilient even in the midst of sorrow and suffering.
Whatever comes my way, joy is still resilient
even in the midst of sorrow and suffering.
Here's what Paul says in 2 Corinthians, chapter 6 verse 10.
NLT says, our hearts ache but we always have joy.
Now the context of that passage, if you want to read it, 2 Corinthians chapter 6, he's talking about the ministry that he has right now.
And if you want to study the life of someone in scripture, study the life of Paul.
So you think you have it bad or I have a bad, Paul had it bad.
There's passages he says in 1 Corinthians where it says that he was shipwrecked,
Left for dead, naked, abandoned, flogged, beaten, and yet he still was just suffering for Christ and pressing on.
And in Philippians, that whole book, he writes it in prison, and the one theme that is always appearing in that book is the theme joy, rejoicing.
So Paul knew what it meant, my heart aches, even in ministry, yet I still have joy.
because joy is different than happiness.
He also would go to say in 2 Corinthians seven, verse four, he says, I'm exceedingly joyful in all our tribulation.
Again, whatever you're going through, whatever trial or tribulation you're going through, Paul also went through trials and tribulations, and yet he said, I'm exceedingly joyful even in the midst of a trial.
What is James chapter one, say, if you know the book of James, James chapter one,
Says, consider it pure joy, my brothers and sisters, whenever you fall into many trials or temptations, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance.
Consider it joy whenever you go through a trial.
Have you ever thought of that?
When an opportunity to rise for us to go through maybe a suffering season or a time of worry or doubt, to have joy as your rock, the joy in the Lord, it's
It's priceless.
It's something that we can't explain.
Just like when the Bible says that there's this peace that Pastor Austin talked about last week, there's this peace that passes all understanding.
It means you can't really explain it.
It's just there because it's a supernatural peace that God gives us.
There's a joy that God gives us as well.
David would write this in Psalm 30 verse five, weeping may endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning.
There may be weeping or pain in a season or a dark time,
But joy will always come in the morning.
Lamentations, Jeremiah would say, limitations that God's mercies are new every morning.
Amen?
The joy that we can have, just resting in that relationship that we have with Christ, his mercies are new every morning.
He's a good loving God.
He has everything under control.
You can have joy in that.
That's what joy is.
It's resilient now in the midst of suffering.
No matter what I'm going through, joy comes in knowing that whatever happens, God's gonna use it for His good and for our good.
That's Romans chapter five and chapter eight.
Whatever comes our way, we can still rest in the fact that God is good and we can have this joy abound in our hearts.
Maybe you have friends or coworkers or family members that say, where do you get this?
Why are you always so happy?
Why are you always so smiling?
Why do you act this way even in this midst of 2020?
How can you still be unshaken?
Well, first of all, it's not happiness.
There's a joy I have in a relationship with Christ because I'm remaining in Him.
I'm obedient to Him.
I'm rooted in Him.
I'm reading His Word.
And there might be pain in the night.
We're all going to go through pain.
We all have a story.
We all are broken.
But there's always joy that comes in the morning just because you know Jesus has your Savior.
Isn't that joy enough?
And just because Jesus came to this earth to live for us, to die for us, and to show us the way to eternal life, that brings joy to my heart over anything else that he made away.
Number three, and finally, true joy actually rises above circumstances and it focuses on God.
Again, it rises above circumstances and you focus now on God.
I want to read this passage out of Habakkuk chapter 3 verse 17 through 18 and then I'll put some of it on the screen.
But Habakkuk, the minor prophet, said in chapter 3 verse 17 through 18, even though the fig trees have no blossoms and there are no grapes on the vines, even though the olive crop fails and the fields are empty and barren, even though the flocks die in the fields and the cattle barns are empty, yet I will rejoice
in the Lord, I will be joyful in the God of my salvation."
He ends with that, that's on the screen, he ends with, yet I will rejoice in the Lord.
The Lord is all caps, that's his title, that's his name, Yahweh.
I will rejoice in Yahweh, I will be joyful in the God of my salvation.
Three times he mentions, even though this happens, even though blank blank blank, even though dot dot dot, he mentions off, even though this keeps happening, in my life,
My world, my little bubble, even though this all keeps happening, yet I'm still gonna rejoice in the Lord.
Why?
Because he's God.
I'm gonna rejoice in that.
He is Lord of my life.
I will be joyful in the God of my salvation.
I'm back in chapter three.
He understood it.
And you can pray that prayer as well.
God, even though I'm going through this crisis,
Even though I'm going through a season of restlessness, even though my marriage is probably failing, even though my kids aren't walking with Jesus, even though my job may be at stake, yet I'll still rejoice in you.
Yet I'll still rejoice in you because you are God and you're the God of my salvation.
There might be things that are gonna be happening in your life
that God may be allowing to prove something in us.
But yet we can still rest in the fact that he is God and that should bring joy to us and that should be enough.
Because he knows what he's doing.
He's got us in his hand.
He knows you better than you know yourself.
And the back had understood that.
Even though all this happens, I'm going to rejoice.
I'm gonna be joyful in the Lord.
That's hard to do.
You think of the character of Job.
If you ever read that book, don't read it around Christmas time.
It's not really uplifting.
When you read the life of Job, what he had to go through, talk about trials and a crisis.
Yeah, he clung to the Lord.
How many of us need to cling to the Lord during this time?
That famous passage in Nehemiah chapter eight
A lot of us haven't really read, I think Nehemiah for what it really is, but there's that one verse that we always quote, Nehemiah chapter eight verse 10, it says, the joy of the Lord is your strength.
The joy of the Lord is your strength.
The Israelites, they were going through a hard time.
The Jews, they had just come back and Nehemiah's gonna rebuild Jerusalem pretty much.
Ezra's gonna read the law and when you read that, the people are weeping, there's a lot going on in that time period for them.
And Nehemiah says, don't weep, don't be sorrowful.
The joy of the Lord is your strength.
You want to get up out of bed every day?
Let the joy of the Lord be your strength.
He's not talking about a physical strength.
He's talking about a supernatural spiritual strength that we need daily in our lives.
The joy of the Lord is your strength.
Let that be a wall decor.
The joy of the Lord is my strength.
In closing, now that we know what true joy is, it's rooted in a person's relationship with Christ.
It's resilient even in the midst of sorrow and suffering, and it rises above circumstances.
It focuses on God.
Now that we know this, how do we actually practice joy in everyday life?
Have you ever thought about that?
You actually have to practice joy.
Since it's actually mentioned in Galatians chapter five as one of the fruit of the spirit, we actually have to practice it just like we have to practice patience.
just like you practice self-control, just like we practice kindness.
And we always think about those things.
Whenever you read the fruit of the Spirit, love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, self-control, which one sticks out to you the most?
It's probably patience.
And I need a lot more patience in my life, especially around this time, going to Costco and Walmart.
I need patience.
Oh, I need self-control as well.
I just gotta guard my life, gotta guard my heart, gotta guard my mouth.
I need self-control.
I gotta be kind.
And personally, I forget, joy is mentioned in there.
It's the second one.
Love, joy.
You actually have to practice it.
The Holy Spirit is going to produce it in your life, but we have to practice joy.
How do we actually do that?
Well, there's a simple acronym that I found, and Dad actually mentioned it to me, and I was like, wow, that's great.
I'm going to use it.
And then I Googled it, and I'm like, oh, it's an acronym known to man that I had no idea about.
There's a lot of Christian acronyms out there.
Sometimes they're a little cheesy, and I'm like, whatever.
I mean, they work.
I'm just sorry if I'm bashing on acronyms.
I just don't know.
I had one in high school called Frog.
Fully rely on God.
Great.
OK. Whatever.
And then you have Grace, which is good.
God's riches at Christ expense.
Perfect.
That's Grace for you.
No, I like it.
I'm sorry if I just pray for me if I'm fashion acronyms.
But here's an acronym for you and I like it.
And the word is joy.
We've got joy.
It's Jesus first, other second, yourself last.
If you wanna find the way to joy in your life, practice it this way.
Jesus comes first in your life, you put others before you and you have yourself last.
See, we in Loudoun County, especially in America as well, it's all about me.
Me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
Then Jesus will come in there and then others, yeah, I'll remember them.
You have to have it in this order.
If you put yourself first, other second, Jesus last, doesn't work.
You're not gonna have joy.
That's greed.
If you put others first, like I'm esteeming others, but yet Jesus is not first, then you've lost where you're going in life.
Jesus has to be first.
I want everyone to actually turn to Philippians chapter two with me real quick.
This will be the last thing we flip to.
Philippians chapter two, I had mentioned this earlier, that this is one of the letters that Paul writes to the Church of Philippi in prison.
He's in prison.
This is not a fun place to write a book, all right?
And in Philippians chapter two, really in the whole book of Philippians, he mentions joy or rejoicing numerous times.
I rejoice in Lord, I have joined the Lord, and so on.
But chapter two, Philippians chapter two.
God bless you, Philippians chapter two, verse one.
Therefore, if there is any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the spirit, if any affection and mercy, fulfill my joy by being like-minded, having the same love, being of one accord, and of one mind.
So he's given kind of the introduction to what he's trying to say.
He's talking about unity through humility is the way to fulfill Paul's joy.
Give me joy by being unified with humility.
And this is something that we can take home as well, a practical application to have joy in your life.
You put Jesus first, other second, yourself last.
And he says here, so on.
Verse three, let nothing be done through selfish ambition or conceit, but in lowliness of mind, let each esteem others better than himself.
Verse four, let each of you look out not only for his own interests, but also for the interests of others.
Notice how he doesn't say, stop looking at your own interests.
Don't keep, stop doing that.
He doesn't say that.
He says, you need to look out for your own interests.
That's okay.
But he says, let each of you look out not only for your own interests, but also for the interests of others.
Are you putting others first before yourself?
Is Jesus your rock and your salvation?
Number one, just a good way we can understand and apply this word joy to our lives.
It takes practice, but it is definitely not happiness.
Happiness comes and goes.
And there's a lot of people searching for joy, but they're really trying to just search for happiness.
But I'm here to tell you my friends, the way to joy is a relationship with Jesus.
you won't be satisfied anywhere else.
And you'll still have times of happiness and sadness even as a Christian.
You still will.
But you have joy as the foundation in your life to lean on, to reflect on that.
There's this joy I have in the Lord.
Even though I'm going through a rough time right now, I have the joy in the Lord that's gonna give me strength.
That's good enough for me.
I'm gonna keep him first always.
I'm gonna give unto others.
I'm gonna have myself be last.
I'm gonna take a back seat, put others first in my life.
You know, around this time of season, everyone's about get, get, get.
What can I get?
But the action of giving, there's actually some benefits to that.
There's some health benefits to that.
When we give to others, it actually does something in your heart.
That brings joy.
That truly brings joy.
Putting others before ourselves and trusting the Lord
in our lives.
I wanna close with this verse.
And this verse actually is a verse that just came to my mind.
I was studying this and it actually has all components of this Christmas season that we're gonna be preaching really for this month of December.
Peace, joy, and hope on Christmas Eve.
But the verse is found in Romans chapter 15, verse 13.
And it says here, I pray that God, the source of hope will fill you completely with joy and peace because you trust Him.
And he says, then you will overflow with confident hope through the power of the Holy Spirit.
Who's the source of hope?
It's God.
It's not government.
It's not politics.
It's not celebrities.
And it's not social media.
Thank goodness.
We don't get hope from there.
And if you are getting hope from there, turn it off.
Our source of hope comes from God alone.
And Paul's prayer is my prayer for all of us.
I pray that God, who's the source of all hope, will now give us his peace
Enjoy.
That's the two things he mentions.
Peace and joy as we what?
Trust in him.
Do you trust in him with your life?
And then let the power of the Holy Spirit overflow that others may see that.
And a lot of people are searching for hope right now, especially in 2020.
A lot of people are searching for hope.
Many are searching for peace.
And almost everybody is searching for this complete joy.
And it can only be found all three of those in a relationship
with Christ.
And so I want to close right now our Bible study with everyone bound their heads, closing their eyes.
And if you don't know the source of hope, you know now, it is God.
Pastor Austin, last week, talked about if you don't have any peace in your life, the peace that passes all understanding, not what the world gives, but a peace that only Jesus can give us.
If you don't have that peace, you can ask for it.
You can cling to the Lord.
And I'm asking you this morning, if you don't have that joy of the Lord, not happiness, if you don't have that complete, genuine, true joy in your life, you can have that today.
You can receive that.
Whatever trial or tribulation you're going through, you can still have joy.
And we need to cling to that this season.
We need to cling to that.
There's a lot of unhappy, broken people.
And why are they unhappy and broken?
Because maybe they were happy for a season, but then people or things failed and there's no joy.
I have no joy in my life anymore.
So I'm going to look for other things to fulfill that.
Stop doing that.
We have to stop doing that and just cling to the Lord.
because he is holy, he is good, he is righteous, and he has a plan for us.
And he wants us to have joy.
He doesn't want us to be down in the dumps.
He wants us to have joy, but it's found in him and him alone.
Would you bow your heads and close your eyes with me as we pray for this?
I'm not gonna ask for a show of hands that you'll know who you are.
The Lord's gonna tap on your heart.
The Lord's gonna minister you right now and you know that you've been struggling with
a season of happiness and a season of sadness, but you don't have that joy.
You can have that this morning.
Christ's joy can overflow into your heart and that your joy may be complete.
So Father, God, I pray now for everyone in this room.
Lord, we are broken people.
We all have stories.
Lord, maybe there's several of us that we're in a happy season of our life right now.
But God, for a lot of us, we're in a sad season of our life.
Maybe this brings back memories around Christmas time.
There's always this sad memory of something.
Lord, even in the midst of sorrow and suffering, doesn't mean that we're gonna be perfect now.
There's not gonna be any more suffering or sorrow or worry.
Lord, in the midst of that, we can still have joy because joy is resilient.
Because it's your joy, Lord.
It's your peace.
It's your hope that you give us.
And a lot of people are looking for hope now.
Can't seem to find it.
So I pray for that individual right now in this room that needs that touch of your Holy Spirit to fill their hearts with the joy that is unspeakable.
You can't explain it.
And it won't go away.
It keeps coming after us.
I pray for that person right now that you would just overshadow them.
you would fill them up with your joy.
That they would stop playing this game of, I'm trying to just be happy, trying to be happy.
You're put on a mask.
You're not really happy.
You're broken inside.
But what you really need is joy in the Lord to fill your heart.
And that joy, Lord, can be a light in the midst of any darkness that we go through.
We thank you for that, Lord.
We thank you for your promises.
We thank you that 2,000 years ago when the angels came and presented the gospel to the shepherds and said,
This is good news of great joy for the believer.
It is awesome news.
And for the nonbeliever, God, I pray that you would touch them.
God, you have a plan and purpose of them.
You're gonna keep seeking after them so that they can experience the same joy as we as Christians do.
So Father, we love you.
And during this Christmas season, we pray for safety and
Wisdom and God that we just love you and we celebrate your birth this Christmas season.
Thank you for the joy that is our strength because it's joy that is found in you.
We love you, we thank you.
Go before us now as you go separate ways.
In Jesus' name, everyone said, amen.
And amen.
God bless you, Merry Christmas.
Go in with the joy of the Lord.